{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 LIST OF EDITED MODULES on Constitution Explorer\
\
DO NOT UPDATE THE MODULES LISTED BELOW\
\
See also : theme modifications for internet services.\
\
  - i18nsync : fixed bug in which unsynced tags got deleted from translated nodes, causing loss of tag data.\
 - i18ntaxonomy : fixed different language related things.\
 - node import : allowed import of tags to fit the node language\
 - taxonomy manager : added a feature to merge tags across languages\
 - glossary : change display , markup, and links + add back to top\
\
\

\b Modules I edited \

\b0 \

\b Facebook
\b0 \

\b Facebook example : \

\b0 Edit so that like button shows up on every node. 
\b Small edit
\b0 , so could easily be redone if the Facebook module was updated.\
\
----\
\

\b Glossary : \
Heavy changes
\b0  in the way the tags are displayed in the glossary page, and in the links to and from the glossary page (redirected to custom search page, rather than default search page.). Removed the alphabet at the top, added "back to top" links, made list collapsible, added Table Of Contents, added description text at top of page, added breadcrumbs for individual pages.\
This is pretty much impossible to update.\

\b CSS : 
\b0 customization of list
\b \
Javascript : 
\b0 folding and unfolding of the tag list.\
\
---\
\

\b Internationalisation (I18n)\
 - I18nsync
\b0  : fixed "disappearing tags" bug. \
When a node is edited and saved, its translated version are synced : the corresponding translated tags (and whatever other synced field) are added, and the translated node is saved. The bug was that when the tags didn't exist in a language, they were removed from all languages. This made editing nodes impossible without losing data.\
\

\b How to reproduce : \

\b0 Two languages, lang1 and lang2. A node has versions in the two languages : node1 and node2. There are two tags in lang1, called tag1A and tag1B. tag1A has a translation (tag2A), but tag1B doesn't have a translation.\
You add tag1A and tag1B to node1, and save. This triggers the sync across languages, and node2 gets tag2A, and is saved. \
You then go to edit node2, don't change anything, and save. The tags are synced : the tag1A gets applied to node1, and tag1B gets removed form node1, because there is no corresponding translation on node2. So tag1B is LOST.\
 \
Do NOT remove this fix, it's important to avoid losing data. \
\

\b  - i18ntaxonomy
\b0  : edit so that the Node Import module will assign tags to the language of the node they are attached to (instead of assigning no language). This is important for when you import a tagged constitution.\
\
----\
\

\b Node import\

\b0 Edits to make it work better with several languages. \
Some problem with arrays that had too many layers that broke the import. \
Added field "language" in forms, to avoid having all terms cast to language neutral or to default language (english).\
\
----\
\

\b Taxonomy manager\

\b0 Added an option to merge across languages : when two terms are merged, if they have translations the translations are merged too. This keeps the different languages in sync. \
\
\
\
}