{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 LIST OF EDITS to Internet Services Theme\
\
DO NOT UPGRADE INTERNET SERVICES\
\
I did edits to the theme to add features. Do no reinstall the theme with the standard version, or you will delete them.\
\
To find my edits : ctrl + F "ESTELLE"\
\

\b Summary of big changes : 
\b0 \
 - added Facebook opengraph tags and like buttons\
 - added breadcrumbs for book nodes. This shows up in taxonomy view (when you click on a taxonomy term) and search view. (TODO in flatbook too?)\
 - changed the header: added logos, languages\
 - changed the node display : added taxonomy terms, breadcrumbs, comment link, report an error link (TODO put this back)\
\

\b Changes, per file : \

\b0 \

\b CSS files
\b0 \
 - blocks : language block in header, cddrl logo in header, edit for long block titles\
 - blocks-rtl\
 - comments : minor stuff.\
 - nodes : lots of stuff! For search view, book view (TODO necessary?), taxonomy view\'85\
 - pages : for the "about us" pages\
 - views-styles : test for a styling a two-column layout. \
\

\b Template.php\

\b0  - preprocess_page : reformat breadcrumbs, add Facebook url for opengraph tags, add info about direction (rtl of ltr?)\
 - preprocess_node : add breakcrumbs to book nodes (TODO still used?), add report link (TODO fix this?), add comment link, add Facebook like button\
 - preprocess_comment_wrapper : not really used, can be scrapped.\
 - preprocess_views_exposed_form : localize the "Apply" button in views with exposed forms\
 - book_children_nodes (TODO : delete this?) helper function for the full book view that was so ugly.\
 - build_active_trail : helper for constructing breadcrumbs\
 - print_terms : code to get and render taxonomy terms for a node. \
\

\b Template files\

\b0  - book-navigation : TODO is that used? changes the "previous", "next", "up"\
 - comment-wrapper : not really used\'85\
 - flat-book-node-export : adds the taxonomy terms for the nodes in the flatbook view (see flatbook module)\
 - node : tons of stuff! Added taxonomy terms, breadcrumbs for book nodes, varying header size (TODO is that still used?), Facebook like button, "Report an error" button (TODO is this still used?)\
 - page : Facebook opengraph tags\
\
}